Oops Mom Song
You can count as Song, Song
Big Joe
What's going on here?
Yesterday, your sister-in-law came and asked me to come and help you.
And when I arrived?
You've been kidnapped by those greeters
Then I thought I had to save you.
Then I'll knock you out with one stick
Thanks so much.
Ah, no.
Ah!
Two more died here.
Today I have to send it to me for an explanation.
I was kind enough to help him yesterday
This kid not only doesn't appreciate it
I almost got myself into it
The princess is so trusting
If I had known, I would have shot him
Sir, please let me see the corpse
Let's look at their foreheads.
Maybe find something
forehead
The door is normal
Do you still use the banquet method?
The Banquet Method can only detect handprints on corpses
But this time it's probably not the hand
Freezing might work wonders.
Go get me off the ice
Song Xuan, what tricks are you playing?
Previously, he was a Red Banquet Master
Now an ice cube freezer
We're here to solve a case
I'm not here to see you juggle. Shut up
Do you still want to solve the case?